DOC: Add changelog for ``masked_invalid`` change. (#22406)
numpy/numpy: doc/release/upcoming_changes/22046.change.rst

``masked_invalid`` is modified consistently with ``masked_where``
-----------------------------------------------------------------

> According to the related documentation, ``masked_invalid`` is now a call
> to ``masked_where``, then used with ``copy=False`` modifies the input masked
> array in place.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When used with ``copy=False``, `numpy.ma.masked_invalid` now modifies the
input masked array in-place.
This makes it now behave identical to ``masked_where`` and better matches the
documentation.
```
